Welcome to the fastest sport in the world.
world where the best of the
best compete
the comil 14 break
for the first time we have a sprayer
in the run and go woman are you going
compete with the best competitors
of the world
I'm afraid of that airplane height
need help know this, right?
does not have to fly very fast is that the goal
fast and well you can fly much more
Higher than you think
I'm ready to do it.
Look at the attempt to shower vichy flight
flush
Pull you the owner is a weight
people call me from childhood I am
old sucks goat
we will have many adventures let's laugh
or cry
Let's dance probably not one with the
other
do not let anything strange you
It's like sunrise after a lifetime.
whole of darkness or maybe like
fertilizer falling on the grass does not
Take the slightest step my friend I'm going
represent our city where who in the
makes you a serious problem car
identity
Do you really think that you can do that?
rock my house in you you were a
film atom plantar potato until the
time here the next
in fact it is a story of overcoming
as well as ethical 20 always a Dalmatian already
but this is not overcoming hamas is so
pretty
What's up, man? What are we?
up is my life you're crying I
I do not cry, I'm English.